fix handling of mmcif with empty label_asym_id (#389)
molstar/molstar: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Fix handling of mmcif with empty label_asym_id field

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix handling of mmcif with empty ``label_*`` fields
```
